Welcome back everyone.
In this lecture we're going to just briefly show you how you could do the same API requests we did in
the previous lecture.
But this time directly with Python to do this.
We're going to open up two instances of our command line so that's either the anaconda prompt or your
terminal depending on which operating system you're using.
And then we'll start our flask server on one and we'll open Jupiter notebook on the other.
Let's go ahead and see how to do that.
I'm going to first bring in my first Anaconda prompt.
So here it is.
Here's my instance of the Anaconda prompt and what I'm going to do here is make sure you S.D. into whatever
directory you happen to have that my example file running it and then make sure after activating your
environment you'll say python.
My example go ahead and TAB autocomplete that hit enter and then after a tense flow is done loading.
We'll have our server running to eventually at the end of this.
You should see something that says something like running on 1 2 7 0 0 1 5 thousand.
OK.
So we have that running next or we're going to do is open up Jupiter notebook on another and a kind
of prompt instance.
So here's the other secondary and a kind the prompt instance and the notice I've already activated my
environment.
So then what I'm going to do here is say Jupiter notebook hit enter and I'll load up an instance of
Jupiter.
So you should see that pretty much automatically open your browser.
So let's go ahead and go to our browser now gonna bring it over so here's my browser.
Notice the different files running.
I'm going to open up this new untitled notebook.
It's completely blank.
And we're going to do here is show you how you could do a request through python.
So to do this you first need to say import requests and once you're done importing requests.
If you get any sort of error on importing request and go ahead and just do pip install requests and
then we'll create a flower example.
I'm was going to copy and paste the example from the notes that we've been using.
So this is the same sort of dictionary slash Jason object that we've been working with.
Go ahead and create that and then to show you how you can actually create a post requests we'll do the
following we say result is equal to requests and then you call post method off of this you pass in the
URL.
In this case it's H TTP forward slash forward slash local host colon five thousand and then the same
year all we did last time which is API forward slash flower and then the Jason that we need to pass
in is just that flower example.
So then go ahead and put that in and then once that's done running what it does is it sends this Jason
here with flower example as a post request to our currently running API and so we can do is check the
status code of our result so you can say status underscore code of result and you should see a 200 there.
That means it was successful.
If you see something like a four or four or four hundred type error that means you need to go back and
double check to make sure your server was running and your environment was activated.
OK.
So once that's done you can go ahead and just say results not text and you can see here we have the
Tosa and then a new line printed out which means if we wanted to we could just print out the resulting
text and it looks like this.
So Tosa and from this you have a string they can do whatever you want with.
OK so that's it for the basics of programmatically requesting a post to our API.
Coming up next we're going to now take our flask application and combine it with a front end.
Each team out what form that way a non-technical user can actually interactive our site.
I'll see you at the next lecture.